---
title: CERTON Software, Inc
categories:
- resume
- work history

tags:
 - resume
 - work history

---

This post expands on my work at CERTON.

---
# CERTON Software, Inc. (2011-2012)
## Overview
<p>After graduating with my Masters in Electromagnetics, I was recruited to CERTON by some former friends and school-mates that told me I'd love the job. They were right. At CERTON, I was able to develop important, detail-oriented testing skills. I also learned a lot about office politics and was able to vastly expand my repertoire of technologies and experiences </p>

## Projects
### Automation 
<p>At CERTON, I was responsible for several automation tools that saved man-hours of manual processing. </p>

#### My Contributions: 
- Created a tool for writing LabView test benches 
- Created a translation tool for converting other tool outputs into a readable report format. 
- Created an analysis tool for comparing excel files and locating incorrect or missing information.  

#### Technologies used: 
- Perl 
- Python 
- HTML/CSS 
- .NET 4.0 

### Enterprise Planning 
<p>As the Government Research Team Lead and Interim Director of Training, I was responsible for organizing both research and training efforts. These responsibilities included management of resources and automation of resource management. </p> 

#### My Contributions: 
- Evaluated and implemented an enterprise resource planner  
- Organized research efforts. 
- Developed and ran an SBIR research and proposal team.
- Cultivated partnerships with universities and other organizations. 
- Implemented webinar server for use internally and externally. 

#### Technologies/Methodologies used: 
- OpenERP 
- Dokeos 
- Moodle 
- Perl 
- Python 
- SAP 
- CRM 

### Training 
<p>As Director of Training, I was responsible for the implementation and maintenance of an automated Learning Management System that was capable of full automation of coursework. In addition to this I was directly responsible for managing all of the trainers, training the trainers, and creating trainings of a technical subject matter. </p> 

#### My Contributions:
- Implemented an online learning management system. 
- Heavily modified and customized the LMS for use within CERTON. 
- Created and implemented training policies and procedures.  
- Created and Taught 7 courses.  
- Implemented full automation for course training within the LMS.  

#### Technologies Used: 
- Dokeos 
- Perl 
- PHP/HTML/CSS 
- MySQL 
- Apache 
- Ubuntu Server 12.04 LTS 
- Eclipse 
- Javascript 

### Remote Work 
<p>As an engineer at CERTON, I participated in some remote work in Los Angeles with the goal of bringing the work back to Melbourne. In LA, I worked for Curtiss-Wright Controls Group on a Rockwell-Collins sponsored data-concentrator unit. At CWC, I was placed in control of the pre-existing software requirements capture group for the Rockwell project. This position required me to organize the other team members, as well as organize our efforts to share the single DOORs license among us. I reported directly to the Program Manager, as well as the Software Technical Lead. My efforts lead to a successful Preliminary Design Review with Rockwell-Collins in just 2 hours when the average time for the review on other projects was approximately 12 hours. </p>

#### Technologies used:   
- IBM Rational DOORs 
- CAN Bus D
- DXL 