---
title: Analysis, Integration, and Design, Inc
categories:
- resume
- work history

tags:
 - resume
 - work history

---

This post expands on my work at AIDI.

---
# Analysis Integration Design, INC (2013)

## Overview
<p> After Amovius closed shop, I took a job with AIDI, ostensibly to perform research, but it ended up transitioning into a development role. </p>

## Projects

### Compatibility Engineering 
<p>At AIDI, I was first tasked with creating compatible interfaces between the ATLAS interpreter and the main computational unit of the devices. This required reversing closed APIs and hijacking drivers and DLLs for our own uses. Once the main compatible interface was created this task was completed. </p>

#### Technologies used:  
- API Scan 
- Dependency Walker 
- .NET Resource Extractor 
- DeDot 
- Device IO View 
- DLL Export View 
- DynLogger 
- GAC View 
- ilSpy 
- ollyDbg 
- PE Explorer 
- Dot Peek 

### ATLAS Translation Engine 
<p>My second task was to solve a problem plaguing the ATLAS-to-C translation engine and compiler. The problem was overly long token-chains and the compilation/translation optimizer. My contribution was to solve the 1000 token-per-command limit issue facing the company’s main product and to increase code efficiency and optimization speed by a factor of 20 while allowing an unlimited number of tokens per command. I also introduced optimization routines that removed large amounts of redundant code and variable storage during the translation process, and allowed a more easy end-to-end translation effort in both directions.  </p> 

#### Technologies used:
- C# 
- ATLAS 

### Product Testing and Release 
<p>I helped streamline final testing before release by increasing the automated test coverage and automated reviewing tools.  </p>

#### Technologies used:  
- C# 

