---
title: Amovius, LLC
categories:
- resume
- work history

tags:
 - resume
 - work history

---

This post expands on my work at Amovius.

---

# Amovius, LLC (2012-2013)
## Overview
<p>As a software developer at Amovius, I was responsible for the creation of arbitrary software products to the specification provided by the customer in the languages preferred by the customers. As a developer , I am very versatile and can pick up languages quickly. This trait made my talents in high demand, and ensured a quickly changing set of projects. </p>  

## Projects
### Web Services 
<p>Several customers required web service creation as a part of their methodologies. I participated in the creation of several services. One such service for Yankee Candle was hardened with encryption and could handle orders on a massive scale -- much more than would ever be required. </p>

#### My contributions: 
- Created generic talk-through WCF service for use in querying databases with Windows 8 Apps.  
- Created secure WCF service for interfacing between Yankee Candle Fundraising site and back-end product distribution system.  
- Created multi-threaded Automated Test platform for load testing. 

#### Technologies/Methodologies used: 
- Windows Communication Framework (WCF) 
- .NET 4.5 Framework 
- C#/Visual Basic 
- SOAP / RESTful service APIs 
- Perl 
- Python 
- PHP
- cURL 

### Windows 8 Apps 
<p>As a developer, I was asked to demonstrate Amovius’ technical prowess by creating Windows 8 Apps utilizing the developer preview. The purpose of this was to attract job seekers at career fairs and impress visitors. </p>

#### My Contributions: 
- Created a guest log app for use on Windows 8 touch-screen system in Amovius’ waiting area.  
- Created a recruitment app for use at career fairs, utilizing audio/video recording and data storage to libraries. 

#### Technologies/Methodologies used: 
- .NET Framework 4.5 
- C# 
- MySQL 
- SQLLite 
- MVC 
- MVVC 
- Windows 8 

### Website Work 
<p>Since I had five years experience in Quality Assurance Testing and Automation, I was brought in to test and investigate several contracts that Amovius was either working on or seeking. </p> 

#### My contributions: 
- Tested, debugged, and updated NASCAR Owner-Driver ticket request system.  
- Investigated scope of several contracts via web spidering and classification.  

#### Technologies Used: 
- Javascript 
- jQuery 
- PHP  
- HTML5/CSS3 
- Perl 
- Python 
- cURL 

### Automation Work 
<p>My five years of experience in QA testing lead to several automation tasks.</p> 

#### My Contributions: 
- Created browser layout-engine based test tool for testing website layout /visual performance. 
- Created web-site analysis tool for producing link statistics.  
- Created content-migration/web crawler tool for easy content migration. 
- Created VB.NET keyboard/mouse hook for use with .NET 1.1 Framework 

#### Technologies used: 
- Perl 
- PHP/HTML/CSS 
- Javascript 
- Selenium 
- .NET 1.1 
- Visual Basic 

